I am a computer science student at Queens College, with one year left to graduate, who is 
actively seeking software engineering internships or full-time software engineering jobs for post-graduation. 
I am a full-stack developer who has done work on websites, and currently learning 
android development. 

Technologies:
Java, Data Structures and Algorithms, SQL, JavaScript, C++, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Semantic UI, Nodejs, 
MongoDB, Unix, Microsoft Suite, Git and GitHub, Oracle Application Express, TypeScript, React

Soft Skills:
Collaboration
communication
writing
management



Short Story
Computer science student at queens college who loves to solve problems and challenges. 
my career goal is to be a software engineer, to solve problems using code. i got inspired to pursue
computer science from playing video games. Although games were fun to play, I had always wondered how 
games are created. where does one start to create something so enjoyable that can be played by many, 
and how does the character on the screen knows to jump when i pressed x. With that curiousity in mind 
I took on the challenge of studying computer science in college. I had heard by many that it was one of the more 
challenging degrees to complete, but that wasn't going to stop me, I needed to know how to use code to create. 
Although, I am currently not pursuing a career in game developer, but my curiousity led me to discover bigger
things that can be created with code other than games. It's been a journey, it wasn't easy for me. I faced a lot of 
difficulties before I could finally write my own programs from scratch, or create my own website, or develop an app. 
In school i learned the fundamentals and how to solve problems, in my own time I learned how to use those fundamentals 
to build something or solve challenges on leetcode. In internships, i learned how to work in teams to achieve a project,
I learned how to write code so that the next person working on the same project can understand it by using conventions.
My journey has just begun, and I can't wait to do more with code professionally. 


A hard-working, resourceful and diligent young professional, with a strong sense of responsibility
 and excellent management skills. An individual with strong verbal communication, writing, 
 and collaborative skills who loves to solve problems. 
